Jeff: Today is the day of the uprising...
Jeff: I wonder which side will win,
Jeff: I should go see what is happening.

Bert: (Bert looks happy to see you!)

Imp: Nice weapon. Not many ones like that around here.
Imp: Be careful what you shoot. If you shoot me i'll smash your face off.
Imp: Kill the guy above us instead...
Imp: We must overthrow those dumb skeletons!
Imp: Join the revolution! Or perish.

Skeleton: Stay away from the box!
Skeleton: This box contains crucial supplies to survive!
Skeleton: The imps are trying to destroy them...
Skeleton: Those imps should be banished!

Skeleton: Those imps are threatening to destroy our buildings!
Skeleton: You have a strong weapon, you can help us! 
Skeleton: Please help!

Imp: Hey you! Guy with fancy weapon! Yes you!
Imp: Help us take the city!
Imp: We Imps have been neglected for too long!

Imp: We are going to defeat those skeletons once and for all.
Imp: Help us and we will repay you!

Imp: Nothing to see in this building.

Skeleton: Rumor says the imps have been planning something in the abandoned building.
Skeleton: I don't think they have noticed me here yet.

Bar Owner: You aren't here to kill us are you?
Bar Owner: Man... owning a bar is tough these days...

Imp: Heh heh I managed to sneak in! I'm going to make a ruckus.
Imp: Don't you dare tell the bar owner.

Skeleton: The atmosphere is dead, is there an important event today or something?

Bar Owner: There's an Imp hiding in the back of the bar?
Bar Owner: Thanks for telling me! I will deal with it...
Bar Owner: I will make sure the skeletons know you helped me!

Bar Owner: Looks like you already killed him, thanks for helping!
Bar Owner: The skeletons know you helped me!
Bar Owner: I have disposed of the imp.
Bar Owner: The skeletons know you helped me!

Skeleton: King's Quarters... doesn't look like a king lives here does it...
Skeleton: After the imps came, they drained all our resources, leaving us in shambles.
Skeleton: We skeletons used to look like you did...

Skeleton: At first when the imps arrived, we welcomed them with open arms.
Skeleton: We shouldn't have trusted such wicked creatures.

Skeleton: In this fight, there can only be one winner.
Skeleton: You need to pick a side! Go and kill those wretched imps!

Skeleton King: We are in a dire situation.
Skeleton King: We need your help, please get fifteen reputation to show us you are trustworthy.
Skeleton King: If do it I promise you will not regret it. You have the king's word.
Skeleton King: You can gain reputation by killing Imps and helping fellow Skeletons.
Skeleton King: The Imps are wicked! Don't let them manipulate you.

Imp: Hey! You're not supposed to be here!
Imp: ...Unless you have come to join us?
Imp: Talk with our leader if you are interested...

Imp: I like your weapon, looks great for killing skeletons
Imp: They are weaklings! They don't deserve to rule the city!

Imp Leader: We are taking over the city! Mwhahahaha
Imp Leader: Have you come to help us? If so, Get fifteen reputation to prove your worth.
Imp Leader: To get our reputation, go and kill those lousy skeletons.
Imp Leader: If you help us we will welcome you into our gang...
Imp Leader: Trust me... you do not want to be on the wrong side of this fight.

Imp: We have been taking resources from the skeletons for months! And they still haven't realized! Ain't that funny!
Imp: Just look at all these storage containers! 
Imp: ...........................
Imp: You are on our side right?

Imp Leader: Wow I must say I am impressed... 
Imp Leader: You murdered all those skeletons for us.
Imp Leader: However...
Imp Leader: We no longer have a use for you.

Skeleton King: Wow! Your help has really changed the tide of the battle!
Skeleton King: You are truly a wonderful ally, I hope we can work together in the future.

Golden Skeleton: Have you seen an Imp made of Bronze? I have a bone to pick with him...

Bronze Imp: Do you happen to own a chicken named Bert? Hahahaha
Bronze Imp: That's right. We found your pitiful excuse for a home.
Bronze Imp: Kill the Golden skeleton if you want your chicken to live.
Bronze Imp: And DO NOT wait for what he has to say about it. Get him.
Bronze Imp: If you kill me now, you will never see your chicken again...

Golden Skeleton: What?? you have seen the Bronze Imp? 
Golden Skeleton: He is threatning you???
Golden Skeleton: Don't worry, now I know where he is, I will go and get my revenge...

Bronze Imp: Good, Good... Impeccable work! The Golden Skeleton is dead!
Bronze Imp: You should go back home and check on your chicken...

Golden Skeleton: The Bronze Imp and his friends have been vanquished.
Golden Skeleton: I have safely returned your chicken to your home.
Golden Skeleton: Thanks for telling me where that evil imp was hiding.

Golden Skeleton: You've killed the Bronze Imp???
Golden Skeleton: I only wish I could have killed him myself.
Golden Skeleton: Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do about your chicken.
Golden Skeleton: Maybe check your home to see if he has returned?

Jeff: I can't turn back now...

Bert: (Bert isnt moving)

Bert: (Bert looks happy to see you!)
Bert: (... Bert always is happy to see you)
